## Usage

All functions are packed into class `Admin`. Usage:

```bash
make
```

see [`test.sh`](test.sh) for more details.

---

# Specification

The program Admin takes an arbitrary number of command-line arguments, and
computes various things, depending on the parameter values and specified in the
following subsections. In case you can not handle a case, then print out NOT
IMPLEMENTED.

Furthermore four public functions have to be provided.

Your test-cases should of course include at least the given cases.

To avoid errors, copyand-paste those examples to the command-line, and
carefully check the output.

## General requirements:

1.  For the formatting of the output, the given examples have to be (carefully)
    obeyed. Especially there must not be trailing spaces (invisible spaces at
    the end of a line).
2.  Besides the input-output-behaviour of the (whole) program, now also
    functions (static methods) have to be provided, which shall be usable from
    any client (except if stated otherwise), and which must precisely obey the
    signature and the input-output relation as specified.
3.  These functions must also be used in the main-function to solve the tasks.
4.  Furthermore the class Person is given (in the usual code-directory), which
    must not be changed, and which is to be used.
5.  No explanations for Person are given — it is your task to read the code and
    to understand what this class is doing.

## 2.1 The four functions

All these functions are public, and thus must be callable under any
circumstances, without ever throwing (raising) an exception (note the
possibilities of null). The order of arguments follows the order in the text.

### 2.1.1 change_income

Takes a Person and an int, increasing the income of Person for positive values
and decreasing for negative values. Returned is a boolean, which is false if
and only if the income is increased in such a way as to cause int to overflow.

### 2.1.2 equal_persons

Takes an array of Person’s, returning a boolean, which is true if and only if
there are two different slots in the array, where the persons are equal
according to the definition in Person.

Note that the appropriate facilities in Personmust be used (this is part of the
contract!).

### 2.1.3 sum_income

Takes an array of Person’s, returning the sum of the incomes, which must always
be correct (under all circumstances)

### 2.1.4 longest_name

Takes an array of Person’s, returning the longest name. For the precise
definition note that if a string is returned, then this string must occur in
the array! If there are several longest strings, then the first is to be taken.

## 2.2 Zero command-line arguments

This just prints the message inside of Person.

    > java Admin
    ehpXdT3tie

As always, nothing is additionally printed, except that the line is completed
by end-of-line. And, as always for this coursework, the appropriate
functionality of Person must be used (so that when Person is updated, then your
code adapts automatically!).

## 2.3 One command-line argument

The argument is taken as name of a person, and the person is printed:

    > java Admin XYZ
    XYZ: 0

To emphasise again: You need to use the facilities in Person for that. So that
when for example the default income or the way a person is printed is changed,
then your code changes automatically.

## 2.4 Two command-line arguments

The arguments are taken as name and income of a person, and the person is printed:

    > java Admin XYZ 77
    XYZ: 77

As with the first coursework, when the argument is not an int, then the
appropriate exception must be thrown, which is not caught by the program (and
thus the program aborts with the Java error-message).

## 2.5 Three command-line arguments

    > java Admin XYZ 77 -7
    XYZ: 70
    > java Admin XYZ 77 12
    XYZ: 89
    > java Admin XYZ 77 2147483647
    Failure.

The first two arguments are interpreted as before, while the third argument is
taken as argument for the change_income function (which must be used), where
after the change the person is printed.

## 2.6 Otherwise

If we have four or more arguments, then each consecutive pair is taken as
specifying a person, where in case of an odd number of arguments the final
argument is taken as just a name (to be used with the default income). Three
pieces of information are then printed: Whether there are two equal persons,
the sum of incomes, and the longest name:

    > java Admin XYZ 77 kkk -9
    false
    77
    XYZ
    > java Admin a 1 b 2 a
    true
    3
    a
    > java Admin a 1 b 2 a 3
    true
    6
    a
    > java Admin a 1 b 2 a 3 kk -1
    true
    6
    kk

The appropriate functions must be used.
